College youtubers have exploded in the
past year so who are the best College
youtubers to watch in 2020 that's game
to their T all right number one I think
this is a person that started this whole
college youtuber trend and that is mr.
John fish his Harvard day in the life of
a computer science student exploded it
got 10 million views within a couple
months and after that all the college
students said oh my god I learned so
much from this guy oh my god this guy's
getting so many views oh my god I can do
this too and that's how everything else
started this guy reads a lot is doing a
lot of reading
he really likes reading did I mention he
really likes reading if you want to find
out the best college channel stick until
the end I love mr. number two because
he's so nice
we're actually kind of friends we never
met in real life but we talked a lot on
Instagram and we video chatted once so
that's why I love mr. le choy that's
changing isn't merge real quick
copyrighted so Ellery Troy started his
YouTube journey with one viral video day
in the life of Vanderbilt University's
student and that video just took off it
got like a million views in a month and
that's how his whole channel started and
rightfully so because he makes really
high quality videos he's kind of a mix
of Casey nice back and college he makes
his videos really cinematic so he does a
lot of like hero shots nice camera
angles and stuff nice editing so that's
why I think some of his videos hook up
right now Elya choice brand is kind of
bigger than just college because he's
been able to transition from college to
logging PRV gang game
it says coffee red because he's a lot of
copyright music so he's he's like me man
I think the next one will probably be
like bananas or something because he's a
lot of bananas are talking about doing
your own thing and making your college
youtube channel not about college
that's mr. number 3 RP Park RP Park was
actually featured in one of my videos
when I visited Stanford University I've
message RP on Instagram and I'm like yo
bro do you want to collab and he's like
I would love to bro but I'm not there I
mean Paris traveling with my girlfriend
but they asked them to send me a video
on Instagram and I included that I think
I'm getting a call it's kind of like a
small club at and do like the featuring
RP park or anything the reason why I
love RP Park because he is not afraid to
put himself out there
you know art be kind of started with
college videos but he now makes whatever
he wants and he's really funny
my favorite video of his is the Ivy
League peerless video that's a video
that takes balls to make but they're
also racist against Asians so we're
gonna have to bump them down to the B
tier but he made it funny so he didn't
get that much hate which I love about
him and his dance moves
[Music]
pretty good but if there is one thing
all college youtubers have in common
it's the fact that what you want you to
smash that like button for the YouTube
algorithm all right number four this is
one person that you probably have never
heard of but I love him he is my bro who
is my neighbor he is a person I grew up
with so Jensen is actually the person
that inspired me to get into YouTube
because in high school we would spend a
lot of time making short films like
action films
[Music]
boom boom or comedy films or you know
kdrama romance films which was what are
his favorites
you really love that wampum style my
favorite video of his is his an us
series when he went on exchange to NUS
University in Singapore he made a lot of
videos about that and I think it's
really really fun to watch because it's
like a short movie like I would watch it
on the big screen if you can if you're
watching Jensen when is the next video
coming it's been a month
alright I know a lot of you watch
youtube videos and college youtubers
specifically to become more productive
to get more study advice to become
motivated inspire to tackle your own
school work well this next College
youtuber who's not in college anymore
will help you do exactly just that his
name is Thomas Frank although he's now
in college he makes a lot of study
advice and productivity tips videos he
even has to Skillshare courses on those
topics he really breaks all these habits
down into easily implementable tips for
you so after you watch a video you can
directly go back to your own life and
implement it right away and see an
impact in your productivity one of my
favorite videos of his is his 8 advanced
study tips and by the way if you want to
watch any of the youtubers and the
videos I mentioned they're all linked in
the description so just watch that also
I've made a playlist at the end which
you can click to watch all these videos
number 6 is Chris charissa he was
actually featured in my UCLA vs. UC
Berkeley video because he's a UC
Berkeley student that studies computer
engineering his channel is kind of like
a mix of the tech lead Joma
and college youtuber all into one
because he talks about computer science
living that college lifestyle and his
most popular video I think is his Dana
life of a Facebook intern me and Chris
actually child on Facebook so we go back
and forth about like YouTube set up and
like lighting and microphone and stuff
so here's a really cool guy hit him up
this next college youtuber I think we
have a lot of things in common but we've
never chatted which is a shame really
he is Nicholas Shay from Princeton
University so Nick loves Drake he loves
fashion and he loves vlogging and he's
in Princeton so if you love those things
you're gonna love Nick
so his videos are pretty slick whoa and
he has a little brother who looks just
like him
that makes college blogs you which i
think is hilarious movie on number eight
I've only mentioned guys so far and I
think that's probably because I'm a guy
I don't really watching beauty gurus or
like makeup or stuff like that so a lot
of girls College youtubers do that I
don't really watch those but this one is
for you if you are a girl or even if
you're a guy Ruby Gregor her videos are
very different she has a very small
voice and she talks like this and her
videos are very calm welcome to my 15
hour study day so when I watch her
videos I just sit back and relax and let
her take me through her day in the life
I think she's really famous for doing a
her 10 hours study sessions videos
and productivity and first time pulling
an all-nighter
kind of feels like you're studying with
their innocence number nine what is the
top three universities in the world
Harvard MIT Stanford this guy goes to
two of those University that's just
insane
his name is MIT tech guy what MIT tech
guy is doing is he's trying to merge a
tech channel with studying at MIT to be
honest I don't think he's myristic
completely because he kind of just does
two separate types of videos I loved his
videos about Dana life of an MIT
engineering student and he builds like
robots and stuff so it's nice to see an
MIT student record their technological
learnings and advances now I think he's
graduating MIT and don't you Stanford
for his postgraduate degree which is
insane insane by the way I want to tell
you about a product I love using it's
it's lat
it changes colors and it changes
brightness at night I really like this
orange light because I get rid of the
blue light so it helps me sleep better
this company is called BenQ and they
sent me this lamp they didn't pay me any
money but I really liked it and look at
this coolest part word is a power button
you might say is it here no is here you
just touch it with your hands there's no
button anyway if you want to get this
lamp into linked in the description oh I
actually have another girl on this list
if you are looking for study tips SAT
tips College Admission tips this is the
number one channel for that and it's
super tutor TV she is like a 30 year old
woman maybe 20 unless you say she is 20
she was very young she doesn't do vlogs
she doesn't do any college lifestyle she
goes straight to the point and does
study tips I think she's a SAT tutor so
you're gonna get really good tips and
advice but if you want to find out the
best color channel stick until the end I
know we said tanning the title but we
are gonna crown Anne
eleventh winner best college youtuber is
a guy named half ago so here's why I
love half ago half a quote is very
motivated he travels to all these
universities including Harvard Stanford
MIT Columbia and whyyou UCLA UC Berkeley
Stanford this campus crawl serious shows
you the campus life but also the Cape's
culture and the student culture and he
does all this with his own money he's
doing that because he wants to show you
what student life is like I inspire you
to chase after your dreams and that's
why I love having well because he is all
joking aside and all the youtubers I
mentioned in this videos are great and
it's not in any particular order but if
you want to watch all the videos I
mentioned click right here to watch the
playlist I made for you for the best
college youtuber videos and click right
here to subscribe don't forget to smash
that like button for the YouTube
algorithm my name is - well the best
college channel on YouTube and I'll see
you in the next video peace and I love
reading books too